HSEARCH-5018 Better guidance for applications where classpath scanning does not work (#4120)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/reference/_mapping-configuration.adoc

<<mapping-classpath-scanning-basics,root mapping annotations>> in the given Jandex index.

[[mapping-classpath-scanning-faster]]
=== [[mapper-orm-mapping-configuration-scanning-faster]] Configuring scanning

Hibernate Search’s scanning may trigger the indexing of JARs through Jandex on application startup.

> However, this can pose challenges depending on the environment.
> It may not be feasible, lead to exceptions at startup, or unnecessarily slow down the startup.

Reviewer: No challenges, just opportunities :]

Let's put this another way:

```suggestion
In some of the more complicated environments, this indexing may not be able to get access to classes to index, or may unnecessarily slow down startup.
```

* With the <<compatibility-framework-wildfly,WildFly>> application server,
this part of Hibernate Search's startup is executed in an optimized way and the indexes are provided to it automatically as well.

In other cases, depending on the application needs, the https://smallrye.io/jandex/jandex/{jandexPluginVersion}/maven/basic.html[Jandex] Maven Plugin
can be used during the building stage of the application, so that indexes are already built and ready when the application starts.

Alternatively Hibernate Search can be instructed to never build Jandex indexes on startup,
by setting the configuration property
`hibernate.search.mapping.build_missing_discovered_jandex_indexes` to `false`.
**This is not recommended as it may lead to bootstrap failures or ignored mapping annotations**
because Hibernate Search will no longer be able to automatically discover types annotated with
<<mapping-classpath-scanning-basics,root annotations>>
in JARs that do not have an embedded Jandex index.

Also, if the discovery of <<mapping-classpath-scanning-basics,root annotations>> is not necessary,

> e.g. the application does not use `@ProjectionConstructor` or <<mapping-custom-annotations-root,custom root mapping annotations>>,

Reviewer: I think we should clarify what the difference between these two properties is. Why should I disable building Jandex indexes rather than disabling root mapping annotation discovery, and vice-versa?

I'd suggest something like:

````
Alternatively, If your application does not use `@ProjectionConstructor` or <<mapping-custom-annotations-root,custom root mapping annotations>>, you may want to disable this feature. 

**This is not recommended in general as it may lead to bootstrap failures or ignored mapping annotations**
because Hibernate Search will no longer be able to automatically discover types annotated with
<<mapping-classpath-scanning-basics,root annotations>>
in JARs that do not have an embedded Jandex index.

Two options are available:

* Setting `hibernate.search.mapping.build_missing_discovered_jandex_indexes` to `false` will disable Jandex index building on startup, which may help if ...
* Setting `hibernate.search.mapping.discover_annotated_types_from_root_mapping_annotations` to `false` will ..., which may help if ...
```

Not sure what to put in the bullet points though :X

Author: maybe that?

```
Two options are available for this:

* Setting `hibernate.search.mapping.discover_annotated_types_from_root_mapping_annotations` to `false`
will disable any attempts of automatic discovery, even if there is a Jandex index available, partial or full,
which may help if there are no types annotated with root mapping annotations at all,
or if they are they were listed explicitly through a mapping configurer or through an `AnnotatedTypeSource`.
* Setting `hibernate.search.mapping.build_missing_discovered_jandex_indexes` to `false`
will disable Jandex index building on startup, but will still use any pre-built Jandex indexes available.
This may help if partial automatic discovery is required, i.e. available indexes will be used for discovery,
while for sources that do not have an index available -- all required types are listed explicitly.
```

Reviewer: Strip the double dash and we have a deal xD

In other cases, depending on the application needs, the https://smallrye.io/jandex/jandex/{jandexPluginVersion}/maven/basic.html[Jandex] Maven Plugin
can be used during the building stage of the application, so that indexes are already built and ready when the application starts.

Alternatively, If your application does not use `@ProjectionConstructor` or <<mapping-custom-annotations-root,custom root mapping annotations>>,
you may want to disable this feature entirely or partially.

**This is not recommended in general as it may lead to bootstrap failures or ignored mapping annotations**
because Hibernate Search will no longer be able to automatically discover types annotated with
<<mapping-classpath-scanning-basics,root annotations>>
in JARs that do not have an embedded Jandex index.

Two options are available for this:

* Setting `hibernate.search.mapping.discover_annotated_types_from_root_mapping_annotations` to `false`
will disable any attempts of automatic discovery, even if there is a Jandex index available, partial or full,
which may help if there are no types annotated with root mapping annotations at all,

> or if they are they were listed explicitly through a mapping configurer or through an `AnnotatedTypeSource`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or if they are listed explicitly through a mapping configurer or through an `AnnotatedTypeSource`.
```

Probably also needs links for the mapping configurer and `AnnotatedTypeSource`?

* Setting `hibernate.search.mapping.build_missing_discovered_jandex_indexes` to `false`
will disable Jandex index building on startup, but will still use any pre-built Jandex indexes available.
This may help if partial automatic discovery is required, i.e. available indexes will be used for discovery,

> while for sources that do not have an index available all required types are listed explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but sources that do not have an index available will be ignored unless their `@ProjectionConstructor`-annotated types are listed explicitly through a mapping configurer or through an `AnnotatedTypeSource`.
```

Probably also needs links for the mapping configurer and `AnnotatedTypeSource`?
